1. What is the Node.js Event Loop?

The event loop is what allows Node.js to perform non-blocking I/O operations — despite the fact that a single 
JavaScript thread is used by default — by offloading operations to the system kernel whenever possible.
Since most modern kernels are multi-threaded, they can handle multiple operations executing in the background.
 When one of these operations completes, the kernel tells Node.js so that the appropriate callback may be added 
 to the poll queue to eventually be executed. We'll explain this in further detail later in this topic.


 2. What is Libuv and What Role Does It Play in Node.js?

libuv is a C library originally written for Node.js to abstract non-blocking I/O operations.
How It Works:-
_ When a blocking operation (e.g., reading a file) is triggered, LibUV offloads it to the thread pool.
_ A worker thread picks up the task and executes it.
_ Once completed, the result is passed back to the event loop, which then invokes the corresponding callback
 in JavaScript.

 3. How Does Node.js Handle Asynchronous Operations Under the Hood?

 Strategies for Handling Asynchronous Operations:-
_ Callbacks: Callbacks are the traditional way of handling asynchronous operations in NodeJS. A callback 
function is passed as an argument to an asynchronous function and is executed once the operation completes.
 While effective, nesting callbacks can lead to callback hell, making the code difficult to read and maintain.

_ Promises: Promises provide a cleaner alternative to callbacks for managing asynchronous operations. A promise
 represents the eventual completion or failure of an asynchronous task and allows the chaining of then() and 
 catch() methods to handle success and error conditions respectively. Promises help mitigate callback hell and 
 improve code readability.

_ Async/Await: Introduced in ES2017, async/await syntax offers a more concise and synchronous-like way of
 handling asynchronous operations in Node. Async functions return promises implicitly, allowing developers to
  write asynchronous code in a synchronous style. Async/await simplifies error handling and enhances code 
  readability compared to traditional callback-based approaches.


4. What is the Difference Between the Call Stack, Event Queue, and Event Loop in Node.js?

_ Call Stack:
A Call Stack is a simple data structure provided by the V8 engine that keeps track of all currently executing 
functions. Steps of Call Stack works are first Functions are added to the stack when called, then Once a function
finishes execution, it is removed finally JavaScript executes one function at a time on the Call Stack.

_ The Event Queue:
 Event Queue is a queue that holds callbacks for asynchronous operations.
 Callbacks wait in the queue until the Call Stack is empty.They are not executed immediately.

 _ The Event Loop:
  The Event Loop is a continuous loop that monitors the Call Stack and Event Queue.If the Call Stack is empty,
   it pulls the first callback from the Event Queue and pushes it onto the Call Stack.Ensures asynchronous 
   callbacks execute in a non-blocking, timely manner.

   5. What is the Node.js Thread Pool and How to Set the Thread Pool Size?

   The thread pool in libuv is a pool of worker threads (default size: 4) that offloads expensive or blocking
    operations. It allows Node.js to perform CPU-bound or blocking tasks asynchronously without freezing 
     main thread.

     You can configure the number of threads in Node.js using the environment variable:
     (UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE=8 node app.js)

     6. How Does Node.js Handle Blocking and Non-Blocking Code Execution?

     Blocking in NodeJS:-
When your code runs a task, it stops and waits for that task to completely finish before moving on to the next 
thing. It's like reading a book one word at a time, never skipping ahead.The program waits patiently for the 
current operation to finish.No other code can run until that operation is done.

    Non-Blocking in NodeJS:-
Non-blocking means your program can keep doing other things while a task is running in the background. It 
doesn't have to stop and wait for that task to finish before moving on.The program doesn't wait for the current
task to complete.Other code can run while the task is working in the background